yes I start with the crab cake cakes
thank you
and then one of my favorites lobster
ravioli for you lovely Thank You Alan so
your first name was angel Andrew tell
men I got Ramsay's order please QZ crept
up thank you okay this is a spicy Dijon
sauce the cupcakes are homemade
they are homemade yes thank you enjoy
[Music]
looks terrible the salad the salad fresh
is all I know bits in there like rotten
huh how old is that some of you take it
bad before something jumps out there
I'll just taste the crab cake in having
its best what's another yes this is
ridiculous man look at that I was a
salad you make me look like a [ __ ]
[Music]
Angela yes I don't repeat you in an
awkward position but that's stone cold
in the middle and that's not fresh
crabmeat thank rose I let them know yeah
when you come into an Italian restaurant
you want to identify them the food is
fresh instantly freaky hole not a good
start you might not go ravioli
he's gonna knock the ravioli what is he
gonna talk about the ravioli say good no
yeah from Restaurant depot what do you
think yes
[Music]
thank you well I don't need any parsley
that's not even lobster that's just like
baby food inside gunk well pull varnish
that dish garnish that dish
you gotta be kidding me you put half a
pound of Marcelino my please he said I
don't need to hear criticism which I
already know it's craziness it's chaos
at times I can shoot every person in
here John the sous chef is insulted over
the parsley I'm gonna go defuse a fight
in this kitchen right now
[Music]
Holy Smoke welcome to Babylon